-Security Updates
Primary Security: sudo unattended-upgrade
This can be configured to update automatically or we could call it manually with this command.

Ubuntu ships with a no open ports policy, meanthing that after you install the machine -- be
it an Ubuntu desktop or server -- no applications will be accepting connections from the
internet by default.  Security updates are also guarenteed for at least 18 months after each release
and are free.

-User Account Administration
Ubuntu doesn't enable the root, or administrator about, by default.  We will be choosing to keep
this the same.  Instead, we added users inside of the admin group and use the sudo command to
preform system administraton tasks.  This isn't just a workaround for giving people root access, 
it can also handle fine-grain permissions.

-Filesystem Security
We are discussing the possibility of giving the /home, /tmp and /var directories their own
partitions and securring these partitions through mount options.  We wish to look into the
following mount options:

	+nodev:  A file system mountes with this option will not alloe the use or creation of special
		"device" files.  Allowing the filesystem to interprate of block or character special devices
		can poses porential security risks.
	+nosuid:  This barrs the setgid bit which allows certain files to be flagged in a way that lets 
		anyone execute them with the permissions of another user or group. Allowing this behavior outside
		of the directiories that hold the system binaries decreases security.
	+noexec: Users will not be able to run any executables located on it.
	+noatime: Tells the filesystem not to keep record of when files were last accessed.  It lessens
		the security throgh limiting the amount of information avaliable in the event of a security incident
		but could be an acceptable trade-off for speed.

-System Resource Limits
By default, Linux will not impose any resource limits on user processes.  This means the user is free
to fill up all the working memory of the machine.  We can fix this by setting up our own resource
limits by editing the /etc/security/limits.conf file and setting up, at minimum, the nproc limit.

-System Log Files
Keeping a close eye on .log files, located primarily in /var/log.  There are third party tools that can
help with this.  We will start looking into those.

-Note: Also, should look into the iptables command which is the front end to 
	the Linux firewall tables.