+ When practical and appropriate, issues involving misuse of the system may be resolved informally
between users and system administrators.  When necessary, however, matters will be referred to the
relevant disciplinary systems or legal authorities.

+ Impairing, impeding, or interfering with other peoples' normal use of the system (or attempting
to do so) is prohibited.  Examples of such prohibited activities are (a) denial-of-service
attacks against computer systems or networks; (b) misuse of mailing lists; (c) sending large
e-mail messages, or large numbers of e-mail messages to other users in an attempt to "fill up"
their disk quota; (d) distributing computer viruses.

+ Do not participate in "chain" e-mail or pyramid schemes, wheather they involve money or not.
If you recieve mail urging you to "forward this message to everyone you know," don't.

+ Use of your account to send, or to help others to send, unwanted and annoying e-mail is prohibited.
Factors used to determine whether the mail counts as unwanted and annoying are: (a) the subject
matter of the mail; (b) the number of recipients of the mail; (c) whether you know the recipients
of the mail; (d) whether there's a reasonable expectation that the recipients will want to recieve
your message; (e) whether you persist in sending messages after the recipients have requested you to stop.

+ Unauthorized use of the system is prohibited.  Assisting such unauthorized use is also prohibited.
Examples include: (a) sharing your password with someone else; (b) using someone else's account;
(c) accessing files owned by another user that would not normally be accessible to you; (d)
concealing your identity (or impersonating someone else) while using, or attempting to obtain, computing
or network services.  

+ You are presumed to be responsible for activities carried out under your account; hence, you must take
all reasonable precautions to safeguard your account, including picking a good password, safeguarding
it against disclosure, protecting your files appropriately, logging out from terminal sessions, etc.

+ Subverting, or attempting to subvert, security mechanisms on the system is prohibited. Examples:
(a) using software "sniffers" or hardware devices to access network communications not intended
for you; (b) running programes to find or exploit security flaws in installed software; (c) guessing
or attempting to "crack" passwords of other users.

+ Use of the system to gain, or attempt to gain, unauthorized access to other systems is prohibited

+Use of the system must comply with federal, state, and local law, including (but not limited to)
laws concerning (a) copyright and other intellectual property; (b) software piracy and other
computer crimes; (c) obscenity and pornography; (d) fraud; (e) libel and slander.

Sources: http://pubpages.unh.edu/notes/ethics.html